Then why didn't you ask me earlier?
I'll tell you if you ask me
Previously, I suspected that he was the dark altar of the enemy country
Still don't tell him
Just find it.
And everybody's happy now.
What makes everyone happy?
I've been terrified these days.
Never had a good night's sleep
You send someone with the border guard bandit spirit
And immediately investigate Xu Wenjing in my room
Is it male or female?
Yes
How to sleep on the ground?
Before, it was a small one and did not know the identity of an adult.
Now know
How can adults sleep on the ground again?
You were hurt because of me
Or sleep in bed and recuperate
How can you two sleep together?